c:\users\noah.colvin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\bin\Debug\UIPlayground.exe.config
c:\users\noah.colvin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\bin\Debug\UIPlayground.exe
c:\users\noah.colvin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\bin\Debug\UIPlayground.pdb
c:\users\noah.colvin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\obj\Debug\UIPlayground.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\noah.colvin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\obj\Debug\UIPlayground.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\noah.colvin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\obj\Debug\UIPlayground.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\noah.colvin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\obj\Debug\UIPlayground.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\noah.colvin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\obj\Debug\UIPlayground.exe
c:\users\noah.colvin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\obj\Debug\UIPlayground.pdb
c:\users\noah.colvin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\obj\Debug\UIPlayground.Form1.resources
c:\users\noah.colvin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\bin\Debug\gear.png
c:\users\noah.colvin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\obj\Debug\WpfImageButton.g.cs
c:\users\noah.colvin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\obj\Debug\UIPlayground_Content.g.cs
c:\users\noah.colvin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\obj\Debug\UIPlayground_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\noah.colvin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\obj\Debug\UIPlayground_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\noah.colvin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\obj\Debug\WpfImageButton.baml
c:\users\noah.colvin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\obj\Debug\UIPlayground.g.resources
C:\Users\noah.colvin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.WPF.dll
C:\Users\noah.colvin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.WPF.xml
C:\Users\noah.colvin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\bin\Debug\CustomControls.dll
C:\Users\noah.colvin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UIPlayground\UIPlayground\bin\Debug\CustomControls.pdb
